# Microsoft Power BI
A collection of interactive Power BI dashboards showcasing skills in data analysis, visualization, and business intelligence. These projects demonstrate abilities in data modeling, report design, and building custom visualizations.

# Analysis on Essential Cost of Living (CPI Index)
This dashboard was created to analyze and compare the average essential cost of living for both pre-pandemic and post-pandemic periods. An analysis is provided on the movement of average costs in four of the CPI Index categories, along with key trends in these CPI Index categories. The dataset used for this analysis is the Consumer Price Index from Statistics Canada which has data from 2003 to 2023. The post-pandemic analysis will be solely based on data from the years 2020 to 2023. For the purpose of this analysis, the essential costs of living are to be defined as food, shelter, transportation, and energy. The CPI Index includes many different consumer costs; however, these four categories are areas of consumer costs that are necessary for survival. 

Please [click here](https://app.powerbi.com/view?r=eyJrIjoiYmQ1YzgxMGYtOWI3My00MmI1LWE3YWItOWQyNDM4NmY1YTBmIiwidCI6IjUxY2NhMGUxLTJkNWEtNGQxYi1hYTlhLWRkYWFhNzhhZWVjMiJ9) to view and interact with the Power BI Dashboard. 

# FBIT Enrollment Tredns at Ontario Tech University
This dashboard was created to analyze and compare the enrollment trends in the Faculty of Business and IT (FBIT) at Ontario Tech University, from the years 2017 to 2022. The dataset used for this analysis is a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet which was provided in the Advanced Business Intelligence (BUSI 4504U) course at Ontario Tech University. This dataset includes the total number of enrollments in various majors within FBIT along with their respective major code, class code, and year. This dashboard is intended for key stakeholders within the FBIT administration at Ontario Tech University and provides a comparison of enrollment in business majors, IT majors, and master's programs. The essence of this analysis is to provide a comparison of trends seen in enrollment in these areas throughout the years. FBIT administration can use these insights to help make informed decisions regarding these programs and ultimately how to increase enrollment at FBIT programs in Ontario Tech University.

Please [click here](https://app.fabric.microsoft.com/view?r=eyJrIjoiZTBiMzg5NDctZTlkNi00NzBhLTkxNTgtMjQyOTRjZTdmN2ZiIiwidCI6IjUxY2NhMGUxLTJkNWEtNGQxYi1hYTlhLWRkYWFhNzhhZWVjMiJ9) to view and interact with the Power BI Dashboard.
